1. Change method from DELETE to POST. HTML forms do not support the delete method. 
POST was chosen because it is used specifically for sending and creating data.
2. The invisible password field was hiding the password off screen. This is obviously not a secure way of doing things. Users would be justified in feeling uneasy about using this form in the future.

3. The form did not care at first. But I have made rules for each field that will prevent the user from submitting if something is not formatted correctly.
4. It does check against the format and type of email, but it has no way of knowing if the user actually has access to that email. There would have to be another check where the user must verify their email by clicking a link within a verification email.

5.There are no built-in safeguards. I added them for each field. Without these safeguards a bad actor could potentially enter a harmful script, or overload the website with excessive data.
6. The labels were all over the place, but I have them set to match the correct field.
7. When the wrong types are used, a user could potentially bypass the field by entering data of the wrong format.
8. No hidden fields are included. No sensitive data should be getting exposed. However, without encryption it is possible this data could be found and used. 
9. Yes, a bad actor could use the message field to do some real damage by entering a nefarious script. It is possible to create rules that will prevent a message from exceeding a certain length.

The first and most important changes were to limit the fields to accept certain types of data, and accept only certain formats. For example, the email field required the user to type an actual email address, and the password field required the user to match the password format.

I used the steps you provided to systematically go through the form and apply proper validation for each field, as there
are security risks for each type of data that gets entered. 

One security threat that was addressed was limiting the message field to ten words ro less. This could have potential for attacks if the wrong user entered a script into that field that could compromise the security of the data.
I am not sure why there needs to be a message field at all considering the potential risks it provides.
